# MScFE-690-Capstone-Project
Repository for WQU MscFE Capstone Project
Abstract
In the world of quantitative finance and trading, the primary objective of most traders is to generate a regular" and reliable source of income. While long-term wealth creation remains an aspiration, many traders are constrained by a lack of sufficient capital for long term investing. As a result, they prefer to generate a short-term income as a secondary source of financial stability. With the rapid evolution of financial information systems and of algorithmic trading platforms, rise of financial influencers (finfluencers), and the access to open-source programming languages, the focus of traders has shifted towards developing a "all-weather" trading system that can thrive in various market conditions. Swing trading has emerged as the most suitable avenue for working professionals, who, due to their daily commitments, cannot engage in the intense and time-consuming nature of day trading. Swing trading allows them to actively participate in the financial markets whilst also being occupied with their day-to-day job, business commitments.

The Master Swing Trader, Farley discusses several trading methodologies (strategies) that are based on chart pattern and technical aanalysis that a short term trader can use for profitable trades. The book offers setups that include stop-loss, reward and risk considerations. We discuss 3 strategies named as coiled spring, power spike and finger finder. The book was published with charting platforms as the primary source for traders to identify potential trading opportunities. We are looking to explore ways to identify those opportunities using programming language like python where several hundreds of stocks can be scanned and the best opportunities can be filtered and selected to take possible trades. We have chosen these 3 as we believe it will be possible to find combination of technical indicators and candle stick patterns which can be coded in python to identify these setups within the constrained time limit of the project timeline.

This repository is the final code submitted for the project.
